Welcome back everyone!
Hi Ling Ling, how was your holiday?
Not bad.
I went to see my grandparents in Henan province.
The train was full of people and I had to stand for over three hours.
Bad luck.
Why is travel so difficult and winter?
Well, it's the busiest season in China because of the Spring Festival.
Where's Tony?
He went to stay with his family in the UK.
He's flying back today, but the flight is late.
Where did you go, darling?
We flew direct to Hong Kong and the plane left a bit late too, but the pilots succeed
in landing on time.
Then we took a boat to Land Tau Island and went to Disneyland.
It was great fun.
How about you, Betty?
We had quite a good time in Beijing.
We toured the city by bus and by taxi.
Last weekend we took a tour by coach to the summer palace and went for a long walk around
the lake.
That sounds great, but now we'd better get back to work.
We're going to have a big exam at the end of the term.
There's nothing to worry about as long as you work hard.
And after the exam, there's the school leave as party.
We're all looking forward to it.
Exactly.
We'll have a great time.